good day and here we have fear - this is
an example of how not to do a sea
basically this is inferior and every
single solitary way to fear one the
atmosphere is good the action is a lot
more facing sea in this game the enemy
AI basically has no intelligence
whatsoever they no longer go to cover
they no longer have a lot of hit points
they basically just die if you look at
them wrong now in this game you play as
Beckett a generic soldier who in the
game starts up does not have the ability
to go into bullet-time mode but of
course after the first level you get
bullet time mode and that's when the
game gets a lot easier even though the
game was considerably easy to begin with
this is an example of a console iced and
action I sequel basically any
pretensions to horror are gone now sure
Becket does have his own freak out
moments but they're not really scary at
all
mainly because in the actual game all
you're doing is mowing down waves and
waves of ineffectual enemies and I mean
they are horribly ineffectual there are
some enemies with exploding tanks on
their back why would you walk around
with that if it's just gonna explore if
you shoot it and they don't even have
flamethrowers I guess there are oxygen
tanks maybe but then why do some troops
have oxygen tanks and others don't
storing for the game while not making
sense in the first game of this
expansions makes even less sense now
apparently there is a PMC that companies
can call down on Rogue members or just
members they don't like and they'll go
kill them also apparently there's a PMC
that can be called down to attack and
destroy property on American soil how
does this make sense okay why would the
US military allow a PMC to attack a
company's scientific buildings qaul with
it and then just leave why would you
allow this to happen also where do they
get all the equipment for these people
where do they get all the people that's
the question because there is a huge
number of mercs in this city that's been
destroyed since the first game where did
they come from how did this massive
mobilization occur why would the
government allow such a massive
mobilization of men equipment to be
moved into an American city it makes no
sense now graphically the game looks
amazing bra bra bra bra bra great
graphics but by the time this came out
graphics didn't even really matter sound
design is also fairly decent if a bit
generic the various freak out moments
have pretty good sound design but it's
definitely not quite as scary as the
first games and that's you want ladies
and gentlemen this is just a basic FPS
where you shoot horns of ineffectual
enemies it's generic
it's boring after a while and it
definitely is not fear in any way shape
or form and so this is Jon signing off